Exhibit 10.19
JOINT CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

This JOINT CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement™), dated February |, 2018 (the “Effective Date”). is made by and between
WPT Enterprises, Inc... a Delaware corporation, with offices located at 1920 Main Street. Suite 1150, Irvine. CA 92614 (OWPT), and ZYNGA INC... a
Delaware corporation with offices located at 699 Sth Street. San Francisco CA. 94103 ("Zynga US”) and ZYNGA GAME IRELAND LIMITED, a
limited company organized under the laws of Ireland. resident in Ireland and having its registered office located at The Oval. Building One. Third
Floor 160 Shelbourne Road Ballsbridge 4 Co. Dublin Ireland ("Zynga Ireland.” and together with Zynga US and their respective Affiliates,
“Zynga").

In addition to the Definitions set forth in Section | of the Additional Provisions (attached and incorporated by reterence), all capitalized
terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth below.

In consideration of the mutual promises herein contained and tor other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged. the parties hereby agree as follows:

BASIC PROVISIONS

lL. Joint Content License Relationship. Among other games, Zynga produces and distributes the ZYNGA POKER ® game on a number of
global platforms, including Apple tOS, Google Android, Facebook and the zynga.com website. The ZYNGA POKER &® game features a
Zynga Poker Tournaments Mode that Zynga can customize. Among other tuings, WPT is the creator of the World Poker Tour, WPT
Tournaments and the WPT Invitational Tournaments. WPT Tournaments and WPT Invitational Tournaments are televised poker
tournaments Where a partner can promote its brand. The parties desire to work cooperatively, but independently. to use commercially
reasonable efforts to engage in the marketing and promouonal activities described in Exhibit A, including, but not limited to Zynga
promoting the WPT brand ina WPT-branded Zynga Poker Tournament Mode, and WPT promoting the Zynga brand in WPT
Tournaments and WPT Invitational Tournaments, This Agreement describes the terms of a content license and cooperative marketing
relationship under which each party will independently or cooperatively engage In mutually agreed activities to promote each other's
products and services throughout the Territory (as defined below).
Territory. The Territory tor this Agreement is worldwide, but not including Asian countries (including, but not limited to, Bangladesh,
Bhutan, Brunei, Cambodia, East Timor, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, Maldives, Mongolia, Myanmar.
Nepal, North Korea, Pakistan, People’s Republic of China, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam). The
parties acknowledge and agree that the rights granted hereunder by Zynga (a) with respect to the United States are granted to, held and
exercised by Zynga US and (b) with respect to all other parts of the Territory are granted to, held and exercised by Zynga Ireland.

to

|

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

3. Term.

This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date (Initial Term”) unless terminated earlier in accordance

with this Agreement. This Agreement shall automatically extend tor an additional two (2) vears on the same terms herein (“Renewal

Tern’

*) provided WPT receives payments greater than twelve million U.S. dollars ($12,000,000) within the Initial Term. The Initial Term and

any such Renewal Term are collectively referred to as the “Term.”
4. Annual Minimum Guarantee. Zynga will pay WPT three million U.S. dollars ($3,000,000) per year according to the following schedule
(which the parties may alter upon mutual agreement) (the “Annual Minimum Guarantee’):

a.
b.
c.
d.
c.
f.

5. Royal

Within thirty (30) days of executing this Agreement: $1.5M
July 1, 2018: $1.5M

January |, 2019: $1.SM

July 1, 2019: $1.5M

January |, 2020: $1.5M

July 1, 2020: $1.5M

ty. Zynga will pay to WPT ten percent (10° 0) of the cumulative Net Revenue (as defined in Section 3.b. of the Additional Provisions)

(“Royalty”) from the WPT-branded Zynga Poker Tournament Mode or other such use of the WPT brand on the Zynga platform. Zynga
shall not be required to pay the Royalty to the extent offset by the Annual Minimum Guarantee payments previously paid to WPT during
the Term. Conversely, Zynga shall not be required to make Annual Minimum Guarantee payments to the extent offset by the Royalty

previously paid to WPT during the Term.
The Additional Provisions and any attached Exhibits are incorporated by reference.

Signature page to follow.

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

IN WITNESS WHEREOF

ZYNGAING. WPT ENTERPRISES, INC.
Signature: Signature:
Name: Name:
Title: Title:
ZYNGA GAME IRELAND LIMITED
Signature:
Name:
Title:
3

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

The following Additional Provisions form part of the Agreement dated February 1, 2018 entered into by and between ZYNGA INC. and ZYNGA
GAME IRELAND LIMITED and their respective affiliates ("Zynga"), and WPT Enterprises, Ine. (WPT).
DEFINITIONS

I.

to

re

b.

d.

GQ

o

ui

pans

* Affiliate” means an entity, direetly or indirectly. controlled by. controlling of, or under common control with a party, either now
or in the future. and their respective successors and assigns.

“Artwork” means, without limitation, all pictorial. graphic. visual. audio, audio-visual, digital, literary, animated, artistic, dramatic,
sculptural, musical or any other type of creation or application, whether finished or not, including, without limitation, animation,
drawings, designs, sketches, images, illustrations, film, video, clectronic. digitized or computerized information, software, object
code, souree code, on-line clements, music, text, dialogue, storics, visuals, effects, scripts, voiceovers, logos, one-sheets,
promotional pieces, packaging, display materials. printed materials, photographs, interstitials, notes, shot logs, character profiles
and translations.

“Agreement” means the Basic Provisions, these Additional Provisions, and any and all attached Exhibits.

“Licensed Property” means those specific trademarks, service marks, publicity rights, copyrights, intellectual property rights.
and any other items set forth in this Agreement, which the parties may uulize in connection with the marketing and promotional
acuvites in Exhibit A. A List of the Licensed Property tor cach party ts deseribed in Exhibit B.

“Annual Minimum Guarantee” means the guaranteed minimum amount duc to WPT by Zynga in consideration of the rights
granted herein, which amount may be recoupable from Royalties as set forth below and in the Basic Provisions.

“Royalty” means the amount(s) set forth in the Basic Provisions and calculated as described in the Additional Provisions.
“Term” means the term of this Agreement as set forth in the Basic Provisions.

*Territory” means the territory throughout which the parties are authorized to engage in the marketing and promotional activities
as described in Exhibit A and in the Basic Provisions.

TRADEMARKS, APPROVALS, AND RESERVATION OF RIGHTS

a.

b.

d.

Materials. To the extent indicated on Exhibit A. cach party will provide the other party with electronic files containing the
Licensed Property of such party to be used under this Agreement. as specified in Exhibit B. ifany.

License by Zynga. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Zynga grants to WPT a non-exclusive. non-
assignable, non-sublicensable, rovalty-free. paid up, limited worldwide license to use and display Zvnga’s Licensed Property
solely as necessary to pertorm WPT’s obligations under this Agreement and as specifically described on Exhibit A, in any and all
media now known or hereatter devised, tor the Term (subject to Section 7.¢. of Additional Provisions).

License by WPT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WPT grants to Zynga a non-exclusive, non-assignable,
non-sublicensable, royalty-free, paid up, limited license in the Territory to use and display WPT s Licensed Property solely as
necessary to perform Zynga’s obligations under this Agreement and as specifically described on Exhibit A, for the Term.
Trademark Guidelines. In its use of the Licensed Property of the other party (“Licensee”), cach party (“Licensor”) will comply
with any trademark usage guidelines that Licensor may communicate to Licensee from me to time. Each use of Licensor’s marks
by Licensee will be accompanied by the appropriate trademark symbol (either °™ or 78") and a legend specifving that such
marks are trademarks of Licensor as specified on Exhibit B, and will be in accordance with Licensor’s then-current trademark
usage policies as provided in writing to Licensee from time to ume. Licensee will provide Licensor with copies of any materials
bearing any of Licensor's marks as requested by Licensor from time to time. If Licensee's use of any of Licensor’s marks, or if any
material bearing such marks, does not comply with the then-current ademark usage policies provided in writing by Licensor,
Licensee will promptly remedy such deficiencies upon receipt of written notice of such deficiencies from Licensor. Other than the
express licenses granted herein with respect to each Licensor’s marks, nothing herein will grant to Licensee any other right, ude
or interest in Licensor’s marks. All goodwill resulting from Licensee's use of Licensor's marks will inure solely to Licensor, Bach
party recognizes the great value of the publicity and good will associated with the Licensed Property and acknowledges that: (a)
such good will is exclusively that of Licensor or Licensee. as applicable: and (b) the Licensed Property have acquired a
secondary meaning as trademarks and or identifications of Licensor or Licensee, as applicable, in the mind of the purchasing
public. Licensee will not, at any me during or after this Agreement, register, attempt to register, claim any interest in, contest the
use of, or otherwise adversely affect the validity of any of Licensor’s marks (including, without limitauion, any act or assistance to
any act, Which may infringe or lead to the infringement of anv such marks).

4

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

¢. Approvals. The Licensed Property shall be displayed or used only in such torm and in such manner as has been approved in
writing (Which may be by email) by Licensor pursuant to this Section 2 and Licensee shall ensure its usage of the Licensed
Property solely as approved. Throughout the Term, including any renewals or extensions (if applicable), Licensee shall comply
with reasonable quality standards, stvle guides and clear specifications communicated to Licensee and rights of approval of
Licensor set forth in this Section 2 with respeet to any and all of its usage of the Licensed Property. Subject to Licensor’s prior
written approval of any applicable Licensed Property (hereinafter the “Approved Content”). all Conforming Content will be
deemed approved by Licensor. “Conforming Content” means any and all elements of the Approved Content which (1) do not
represent deviations in quality, style, look-and-feel or other aspects of use from the Approved Content and (11) are consistent
with the aesthetic style or tone of the Approved Content. The parties will come to agreement with respect to Exhibit A as to
whether prior written approval is needed in every instance or whether itis not needed atter the first instance has been approved
In writing (e.g. given exigencies in television production business, itis reasonable that Zynga would approve the use of its brand
conceptually in elements of an episode but not need to re-approve the use ina similar manner for every episode the brand ts used
ins and similarly, given exigencies in the soctal gaming business, itis reasonable that WPT would approve use of its brand
conceptually in elements of the Zynga platform but not need to re-approve the use ina similar manner for every poker tournament
the brand ts used in).

i Licensee may use textual and or pictorial matter pertaining to the Licensed Property on such promotional. display and
advertising material as may. in Licensee's reasonable judgment. promote the awareness, consumption and sale of the
Licensed Property. All final advertusing and promouonal material using the Licensed Property must be submitted to Licensor
for its prior written approval. All press releases respecting dus Agreement or the relavonship of the parties herein shall
require prior written approval by the other party.

i. Licensor will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide approval and or feedback within five (5) business days after its
receipt of a creative submission, or re-submission, with respect to the Licensed Property or marketing materials: provided
that: (a) if Licensor declines to approve any submission or re-submission, then it shall provide reasonably detailed feedback
in order to enable Licensee to modify the Licensed Property or marketing material accordingly in order to address Licensor’s
coneerns and obtain Licensor’s approval, and (b) if Licensor fails to (1) approve or (2) disapprove and provide feedback
within such timeframe, then such submission or re-submission is deemed to have been approved. No approval may be
unreasonably withdrawn by Licensor once delivered.

m. Zynga shall advise WPT to Zynga’s knowledge as to which jurisdictions where it may be illegal to advertise Zynga’s
Licensed Property (ifany) given local laws or regulations.

i. WPT or its affiliates shall not authorize a Zynga Competitor to commercially exploit the Licensed Property in connection with
social poker gaming via a license similar to the license granted herein for the Term. A “Zynga Competitor” means: |)
Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Ltd. Or Big Fish Games, Inc. 2) HUUUGE Ine: 3) Activision Blizzard, Ine.. King.com
Ltd. Or King.com (US) LEC: 4) Scientific Games Corporation: 5) Tencent Holdings Limited: and 6) Murka Ltd. The parties
agree to work together in good faith to amend the definition of a Zynga Competitor if that meaning for Zynga reasonably
changes during the Term.

f. Reservation of Rights. The parties acknowledge and agree that, except tor the rights and licenses expressly granted by cach
party to the other party under this Agreement, cach party will retain all right, ttle and interest in and to its products, services,
marks, copyrights or other intellectual property. and all content, information and other materials on its website(s), and nothing
contained in this Agreement will be construed as conferring upon such party, by implication, operation of law or otherwise, any
other license or other right.

PAYMENT

a. Annual Minimum Guarantee. Zynga will pay to WPT the Annual Minimum Guarantee as set forth in the Basie Provisions. The
Annual Minimum Guarantee shall be recoupable trom such Royalties as are, or have become, paid to WPT. For clarification, the
Annual Minimum Guarantee will operate as an advance payment. such that when accrucd Royalties exceed the Annual Minimum
Guarantee payments already paid, then the excess Royaltics will be paid by Zynga to WPT.

b. Royalty. The Rovalues to be paid by Zynga to WPT is the percentage of Net Revenue as set forth in Section S of the Basic
Provisions. “Net Revenue(s)” shall be detined as one hundred percent (100° 0) of gross revenues and all other receivables of any
kind whatsoever received by Zynga or any of Zynga’s affiliates auributable to the use of Paid Currency or in connection with the
sale of Virtual Digital Goods derived from use of the WPT-brand on the Zynga plattorm, less the following actual and verifiable
* Allowable Deductions”: (1) out-of-pocket. third-party payment processing and currency system fees. commissions, and platform
distribution fees (e.g. Apple. Google or Facebook platform fees): (i) any governmental taxes (c.g.. WAT. excise or sales or use tax,
etc.) arising in connection with related receipts, but excluding any taxes on Licensee's net income: and (11) charge-
backs refunds cancellations traud. “Paid Curreney™ means virtual curreney purchased using real money. “Virtual Digital
Goods” means any virtual, digital representation of any actual or fictional thing or item within Zynga Poker, which ts capable of
being made available for distribution, placement, download or other display by electronic means. Any other deductions must be
mutually agreed upon in advance and in writing by the parties.

s

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

Payment. All amounts payable and due will be made tn U.S. dollars. withholding taxes are required. Zynga may account for the
required amount of such withholding taxes when calculating the Royalty or other payments payable prior to remittance to WPT,
Zynga shall provide WPT with an official receipt or other equivalent documentation issued by the appropriate taxing authority or
other evidence as is reasonably requested by WPT to establish that such taxes have been paid. Zynga shall pay all amounts
accruing under this Agreement for any reporting period to WPT by check or wire transter to the account specified by WPT in
writing, concurrently with Zvnga’s delivery of the applicable report under Section 3(d), provided that payments will only be paid
ifthe amount owed to WPT for any reporting period is greater than five hundred dollars ($500.00), An amount due of less than
five hundred dollars ($500.00) will be accumulated to the next payment and will be included in the amount to be paid to WPT on
the next payment date, again provided that the amount owed to WPT in the subsequent month exceeds five hundred dollars
($800.00). Accumulated amounts do not accrue any interest,

Reporting. Zynga will, within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first full calendar quarter
following the Effective Date, furnish WPT with complete statements containing the following information with respect to all Net
Revenue from the use of the WPT-brand on the Zynga platform, during the preceding period covered by such statement: the
Territory; the amount due WPT (or the remaining unrecouped Annual Minimum Guarantee balance as applicable): Net Revenue:
Rovalttes rate: the distribution channels or portals. the plattorm. the territory(ies), and itemized Allowable Deductions (“Royalty
Statement(s)"). The amount shown to be pavable to WPT shall be paid simultaneously with the rendition of the respective
Royalty Statement. The statements and payments remitted hereunder shall be delivered to WPT via email to the following email
address: Deborah. Frazzetta @ wptcom (ATTN: Deborah Frazzeua, VP. Finance.

Audit Rights. Zynga shall keep full, complete and accurate books of account and records (collectively “records”) covering all
transactions relating to the subject matter of this Agreement in sufficient detail to enable the Royalties payable hereunder to be
determined and verified. Zynga shall permit such records to be examined by authorized representatives of WPT, including such
independent auditors as WPT may designate. during usual business hours, with advanee notice, to verify to the extent necessary
the Royalties paid hereunder, and WPT and its representatives shall use reasonable efforts to minimize disruptions to Zynga’s
business. Prompt adjustment shall be made by Zynga to compensate for any errors or omissions disclosed by such examination,
If the adjustment is more than $1,500 in favor, then out-of-pocket costs of such examination shall be borne by Zynga.

No Other Charges or Expenses. Neither party will be liable to pay the other party any other types of charges or expenses not
agreed to in this Agreement or any related amendment signed by the Parties.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; LIMPTATIONS OF LIABILITY

a.

Each party represents and warrants to the other as follows: (1) iis duly authorized under applicable law and has the authority to
enter into and pertorm this Agreement: (1) this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such party enforceable in
accordance with its terms: (il) the making of this Agreement by such party does not violate any agreement. right or obligation
existing between such party and any third party: (iv) the marketing and promotional activites in Exhibit A shall not infringe or
musappropriate third party rights, including. without limitation, any patent. trade name. trademark. copyright or other intellectual
property or proprietary rightand shall not invade or violate any right of privacy. publicity, personal or proprictary right. or other
common law or statutory right. nor defame any person or entity in the United States and European Union (the “Principal
Territories”). and to the knowledge of such party, outside the Principal Territories: provided that such party makes no
representations regarding the Licensed Property or any other materials provided by Licensor as contemplated under this
Agreement.

DISCLAIMER. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY LEVEL OF
BUSINESS OR SERVICE THAT MAY RESULT FROM THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION ARISING
FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE IN THE INDUSTRY.

LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY/NO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. EXCEPT IN CASES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE. WILLFUL.
MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD, INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS UNDER SECTION SOR BREACHES OF SECTION 2
(TRADEMARKS), 8 (CONFIDENTIALIPY), OR 9(NO AGENCY RELATIONSHIP), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ETS
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT
MATTER HEREOF, FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE: DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, LOST
PROFITS OR LOST REVENUE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT. TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE NON-BREACHING PARTY BE ENTITLED TO
FQUITABLE OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF OF ANY KIND.

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

5. INDEMNIFICATION

a.

WPT shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Zynga and its Affiliates, and the respective directors, officers and employees of
the foregoing (the "Zynga Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all third party claims, actions, suits, costs, abilities,
judgments, obligations, losses, penalties, expenses or damages (including. without limitation, reasonable legal fees and expenses)
of whatsoever kind and nature imposed on. incurred by or asserted against any of the Zynga Indemnified Parties arising out of:
(i) any breach or alleged breach by WPT of any representation, warranty or covenant made, by WPT pursuant to this Agreement:
or (1) WPT's non-compliance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or with any applicable regulations in connection with
its performance of this Agreement.

Zynga shall indemnity. defend, and hold harmless WPT and its Affiliates, and the respective directors, officers and employees of
the foregoing (the “WPT Indemnified Parues”) trom and against any and all third party claims, actions, suits, costs, labilities,
judgments, obligations, losses, penalties, expenses or damages (including, without limitauion, reasonable legal fees and expenses)
of whatsoever kind and nature imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any of the WPT Indemnified Parties arising out: (1)
any breach or alleged breach by Zynga of any representation, warranty or covenant made by Zynga pursuant to this Agreement:
or (1) Zynga’s non-compliance with any applicable federal. state or local laws or with any applicable regulations in connection
with its performance of this Agreement,

In order to seek or receive indemnification hereunder in cases involving third-party claims the party seeking indemnification (the
“Indemnified Party”) must have promptly notfied the other (the “Indemnifving Party”) of any claim or litigation of which the
Indemnified Party is aware and to which the indemnification relates: and the Indemnified Party must reasonably cooperate with
Indemnitving Party in the defense or settlement of such claim or litigation, With regard to any claim or litigation to which the
Indemnitying Party itself is not a party, the Indemnifying Party must have afforded the Indemnitied Party the opportunity to
participate in any compromise, settlement, iagation or other resoluuion or disposition of such claim or litigation,

6. TERMINATION

re

Each party shall have the night at any time to terminate this Agreement without prejudice to any rights which itmay have.
whether pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or otherwise in law or in equity or otherwise, upon the occurrence of any
one or more of the following events:
1 The other party breaches or fails to perform any of its material obligations provided for in this Agreement:
nu. The other party is unable to pay its debts when due. or makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or files any
pettuon under the bankruptey or insolvency laws of any jurisdiction, county or place, or has or suffers a receiver or trustee
to be appointed tor its business or property, or is adjudicated a bankrupt or an insolvent; or
m. The other party asserts any rights in or to the terminating party's intellectual property in violavion of this Agreement.
In the event that any of these events of default should occur and a party elects to exercise its right to terminate this Agreement,
such party shall give notice of termination in writing to the other party, which notice shall specify in reasonable detail the event(s) of
default that give rise to such termination. The other party shall have thirty (30) days trom the effective date of such notice in which
to correct any such default(s) (except those which are not curable), and failing such correction by the end of such thirty (30) day
cure period, this Agreement shall thereupon immediately terminate.

7, RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION, Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement:

a.

d.

All rights granted to WPT by Zynga shall immediately revert to Zynga, and WPT shall prompuy cease any and all marketing and
promotional activities using Zynga’s Licensed Property.

All rights granted to Zynga by WPT shall immediately revert to WPT, and Zynga shall promptly cease any and all marketing and
promotional activities using WPT’s Licensed Property.

Notwithstanding the foregoing. for each end user that previously downloaded a Zynga game that includes WPT’s Licensed
Property, and stored such Zynga game within such end user’s device, WPT grants a license and right to continue to use,
activate, operate, perform, store, use and display that game on the end user’s device in perpetuity at no additional charge:
provided, however, that Zynga shall use best efforts to offer end users updates to its games which no longer include WPT's
Licensed Property after the Term.

Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, nothing herein will obligate Zynga. any users of a Zynga game that includes
WPT's Licensed Property or any third party plattorm or distribution partners to remove from the publicly available content
regarding Zynga services or any user accounts with Zynga, any of the references to user interactions, experience points,
achievements, item purchases or other engagements or metrics in the Zynga game(s) that were generated prior to the expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

9.

10.

t.

Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, any Approved Content that includes Zvnga’s Licensed Property may remain
g.. televised WPT

=

IN perpetuity in any media in which such Licensed Property was integrated into during the Term (e
Tournaments or WPT Invitational Tournaments, social media posts, repurposed integrauions for “best of” television programs) or
tor historical purposes (¢.g.. reference on WPT ’s website that Zynga-sponsored tour events took place as part of the tour).
Sections 1, 3-7. and 8-10 of the Additional Provisions shall survive termination or expirauon of this Agreement.

CONFIDENTIALITY. The parties acknowledge and agree that the subject matter of this Agreement constitutes “Business Purpose” and
this Agreement and any Exhibits hereunder are “Confidential Information” of the parties as defined as “Information” in the Non-
Disclosure Agreement between the parties dated August 24, 2017, and accordingly the restrictions relating to confidentiality and use
thereof provided in the Non-Disclosure Agreement apply to any party’s Confidential Information disclosed pursuant to this Agreement. In
the event of a conflict between the Non-Disclosure Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will govern.
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other and nothing herein shall create
any association, partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between them. Neither party shall have the right to obligate or bind the
other party in any manner whatsoever. and nothing herein contained shall give, or is intended to give. any rights of any kind to any third

persons.

MISCELLANEOUS

a.

b.

d.

GQ

o

ui

h.

Insurance. Each party agrees to carry lability insurance sufficient to cover the risks posed under this Agreement.

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, cach of which shall be an original and all of
which shall constitute together but one and the same document.

Notices. All notices and other communications given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent by courier service, express
mail, personal delivery or mail to the respective addresses of the parties set forth above (or at such other address as such party
may designate by nouce to the other party). A copy of any notice to WPT shall also be sent to WPT Enterprises, Inc... ATTN:
Legal, 1920 Main Street, Suite 1150, Irvine, CA 92614. A copy of any notice to Zynga shall also be sent to Office of the General
Counsel. Zynga Inc.. 699 Sth Street. San Francisco, CA 94103 with a copy to legalnotices @ zynga.com, Notice shall be deemed
given as follows: upon delivery if sent by courier service, express mail or personal delivery: and five (5) days after the date of
mailing, postage prepaid, certified or registered mail if sent by mail.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the full and complete understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the
license granted hereunder and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, pertaining thereto.
This Agreement cannot be moditied except by a written instrument signed by cach party hereto,

Waiver. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other term or condition and
no waiver of any default under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other default.

Force Majeure. In the event that either party is prevented from engaging in the marketing and promotional acuvities in Exhibit A
manufacturing, distributing or selling the Licensed Property because of any act of God: unavoidable accident: fire, epidemic:
strike, lockout, or other labor dispute: war, riot or civil commotion; act of public enemy; enactment of any rule. law, order or act of
government or governmental instrumentality (whether federal. state, local or foreign): or other cause beyond such party's control,
and such condition continues for a period of two (2) months or more, either party hereto shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement effective atany time during the continuation of such condition by giving the other party at least thirty (30) days’
nouce to such effect. In such event. all payments made shall become immediately duc and payable and this Agreement shall be
automaucally terminated.

Governing Law and Forum. This Agreement will for all purposes be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the State of California without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that require the application of the laws of a different
state. Each of the parties hereto (1) irrevocably agrees that the federal and state courts in the Northern District of California shall
have sole and exclusive jurisdiction over any suit or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (11) submits to
the venue and jurisdiction of such courts, and (iil) irrevocably consents to personal jurisdiction by such courts.

Assignment. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of cach party. its successors and assigns. Without the prior
written consent of the other party, netther party shall assign or transter any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in
part, to any third party, and any purported assignment without such prior written consent shall be null and void and of no force
and effect: except that notice, but no consent shall be required for such assignment or transfer in connection with an internal
reorganization or sale of the transferring party, including by merger or other business combination, or a sale of substantially all of
the assets of the transferring party. None of either party's rights hereunder shall devolve by operation of law or otherwise upon
any receiver, liquidator, trustee or other party.

Severability. In case any one or more of the terms contained in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining terms shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The
parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid. illegal or unenforceable terms with valid terms the
economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, legal or unenforceable terms.

8

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

EXHIBIT A
MARKETING AND PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
(the parties mutually agree to provide additional details and commitments)
BY WPT:
WPT shall promote the Zynga brand in the following activities:
@ =Prominent display of the Zynga or Zynga Poker brand in WPT Tournaments and WPT Invitational Tournaments, subject to venue
approval, network approval and inventory space given existing sponsorship deals
BY ZYNGA:
Zynga shall promote the WPT brand in the tollowing activities:
@ Creation of a WPT-branded Zynga Poker Tournament Mode playable in the Zynga Poker game or other such use of the WPT brand on the
Zynga platform as Zynga determines

9

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

EXHIBIT B
LICENSED PROPERTY
(the parties mutually agree to provide additional details on allowable IP)
WPT MARKS:

e@ WPTR

e@ WORLD POKER TOUR k
ZYNGA MARKS:

@ SYNGAR

@ = /YNGA PORERR

10

Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

